It's been gone since my daughter died
Haven't seen you in so many years
I didn't expect you to have achieved a little success
But you shouldn't forget your roots.
You shouldn't have cut ties with your own son
Can'er don't be afraid
Today is your birthday
This is your birthday present from your grandfather.
He's really your ex-wife's father
So what if I was?
This old thing used to be awesome
But look at the birthday present he prepared.
Just leave a broken egg
It seems that there is no comeback after bankruptcy
But
We are the top cooperation with Huacan Group
Don't be afraid of the rich
Yeah, it looks like a little breakup
Don't take it seriously at all
Brother, why did you make him unfilial?
It is only right that we kick him out of the Jiang family
And it's my family business
When is it your turn to step in?
Arrogance
It must have been this trash who knew he was being squeezed out
Zombie
That's why I deliberately let this old man come over to make trouble
They want to damage our zombie business
More corruption to get money
I don't look down on your Jiangjiang money in foreign countries at all